Hello all.
Welcome to the specialization
on the Internet of things.
The Internet of things,
our viewpoint is reach the convergence
of multiple technologies.
We will talk about telephony networks,
circuitry switch.
And, a lot of innovations give rise
to broadcast radio and television.
And, that, in turn, led to consumer
electronics and the growth of content.
Around this time, 1972, DARPA commissioned
the development of Internet to do one
thing that could not be done with
the telephony networks and
the broadcast networks at that time.
That is reliability.
And, as we all know, Internet delivered
on reliability and went on to subsume
the functionality of telephony networks,
And broadcast networks.
So, the next big converging technology was
wireless technologies and that gave us
wireless internet and the smartphones.
And, in this course, we are going
to use the smartphone platform
to teach you the Internet of things and
what the future might be.
The iOT platform, the indications
are it will gives us new products and
services in this place of automotive
industry, healthcare, robotics.
The unique thing about this course,
these series of courses,
is it's completely hands-on and
lab oriented.
And, I would like Ganz Chukalingum to come
and introduce the lab parts about that.
Hello Ganz, come on in.
Hey, thanks Artie.
Hey guys, you're probably all looking to
take this course because you're interested
in building your own Internet of things.
And, I think you've come
to the right place.
This is going to be really hands-on.
Most of the courses here
are built by the students of UCSD.
You're going to be working with this
Arrow Electronics DragonBoard 410c,
which runs the Qualcomm Snapdragon
processor.
This is, you can think of it like
if you take out your smartphone,
open up the hood.
What you'll find is components in here.
So, this will form the core of our course.
To follow along, you would buy one
of these, which is not a big deal.
It's not that expensive.
But, I want to pause here and
give you a snapshot of what you're
going to experience
throughout this course.
You're going to see some of the lab
projects you'll be building.
And, after that, you finally end up with
the capstone project where you'll create
your own ideas, and
build on it using affordency.
Anyway, I'll leave now, give a little
trailer of what you'll
experience in this course,
and hope to see you in course 1.
[MUSIC]
Hey, guys.
I want
to introduce you to the rest of
the team that made the MOOC possible.
I wanted to start with Robert here,
but before that,
I want to say there's two students I'm
missing here, Randy and Ukeridge, but
you'll get to see them later
throughout the course.
Start with the chief of students, Robert?
Thanks, Ganz.
Yeah, I'm Robert Wolf.
I just recently graduated here, at UCSD,
with electrical engineering, and
I look forward to meeting everyone
throughout these courses coming up.
I'm Eric Uro, I'm a grad student in
the EC department, here at UCSD,
and I'm here to teach guys some parkour.
Just kidding, we're here for electronics.
[LAUGH] My name's Jacob Torado,
I'm a third year here,
studying computer science at UCSD And,
I'm ready for the course.
And i'm Arger Malkun.
I'm also a third year at USCD,
doing computer engineering, and
I'm going to have a great time
doing these courses with you guys.
And finally,
want to introduce you to the video crew,
which made the whole course possible.
Hector, Alex, Joe,
please come in and say hi.
[APPLAUSE] Do a little selfie of yourself.
[LAUGH] Hopefully,
we'll see you guys in course one.
Please come back.